vmalert: reduce restore query request num to one for each rule (#5265)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

  See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5049).
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): add `-rule.evalDelay` flag and `eval_delay` attribute for [Groups](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html#groups). The new flag and param can be used to adjust the `time` parameter for rule evaluation requests to match [intentional query delay](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/keyConcepts.html#query-latency) from the datasource. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5155).
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): allow specifying full url in notifier static_configs target address, like `http://alertmanager:9093/test/api/v2/alerts`. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5184).

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): reduce restore query requests by querying all the alert state for this alerting rule, this should speed up the restore process and reduce pressure on `remoteRead.url`. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/5265).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): reduce the number of queries for restoring alerts state on start-up. The change should speed up the restore process and reduce pressure on `remoteRead.url`. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/5265).
```

Author: Updated!
